Okay, so we need to add another step, What it needs to do is for every shot in the shot list, it needs to send the dialogue and the SFX. Obviously the SFX, we will strip out the SFX part, we'll just pass in the value after it, but the exact dialogue needs to get passed in with the annotation in square brackets, but the dialogue gets passed to the 11 labs text to speech v3 and the SFX gets passed to the 11 labs sound effect API and each of those things will return a audio file and we obviously need to save those audio files with their like shot number. Or actually maybe how we do it is we create sort of like a new shot list, but we add values to the JSON of each shot, so we add the file name of the shot number, sorry, we add the file name of the audio for the dialogue and the audio for the SFX if any. Not all shots will have dialogue and SFX, almost all of them will have dialogue But not all. Then we need to run a script which I described below that converts the audio from the dialogue and the sound effects for each shot into this kind of graphical form, this graphical waveform which will be passed to an LLM call which you can see also in this directory. This LLM call will output new timing info that's more accurate than the existing timing info which we will then use, we'll just replace the percentage value in the other shot list. So when this step ends we should have essentially a shot list but with a bunch of new information with the file which files exist for the audio files for SFX and dialogue for each shot and the updated timing. Does this make sense to you? I need your help understanding where, what the best way of integrating this into the pipeline is. If it's within the current pipeline or is another step after, I'm leaning towards another pipeline step after that just reads the final shot list JSON file, but I'll leave that up to you. I just want you to speculate.

The Task:
Create a function that takes an audio file (dialogue or sound effect) and converts it into a single-line string of Unicode characters that represent the amplitude envelope over time.
Requirements:

Input: Audio file path (any common format - wav, mp3, etc.)
Processing Steps:

Load the audio file and convert to mono if stereo
Divide the audio into equal time segments (e.g., 25-50 segments for typical clips)
For each segment, calculate the RMS (root mean square) or peak amplitude
Normalize these amplitude values to a 0-1 range
Map each normalized value to one of these Unicode characters: ▁▂▃▄▅▆▇█ (representing quiet to loud)


Output: A string like "▁▃▅▇▅▃▁▁▂▄▆█▆▄▂▁▁▃▅▇▅▃▁" where each character represents a time slice of the audio
Important Considerations:

The resolution (number of characters) should be consistent and reasonable - probably 25-50 characters for most clips
Preserve silence/dead space at the beginning or end (shown as ▁)
The representation should capture the overall envelope/shape, not micro-details
Both dialogue and sound effects should use the same time-per-character ratio when being compared



The goal is to create a visual "fingerprint" of the audio that an LLM can read and understand spatially, particularly for identifying where words occur in dialogue and where the actual sound begins in a sound effect file.